notes.md, before:

1. Create project `rails _4.2.7_ new wiki`
2. Check `bin/rails s`
3. Get Gems to be used: Haml, Bootstrap-sass, devise, simple_form
  a. restart server
4. Generate model for articles `bin/rails g model Article title:string content:text`
  a. Check model and db migration created
  b. `bin/rake db:create db migrate`
5. Generate controller `bin/rails g controller Articles`
  a. Check files in controller
6. In Articles controller
  a. Define index controller, no implementation
  b. create view `index.html.haml` write something
  c. Create route and set to root in config/routes.rb to `root article#index`
  d. restart server, and view '/'
7. Create new article
  a. Create 'create'  and 'new' controller, private method for params for form in articles controller
  b. Add routes for these, in array
  c. Create views for new and a partial for the form
    1. In form create form wiht fields for model
  d. go to simple_form repo and follow instruction for bootstrap-sass `bin/rails generate simple_form:install --bootstrap`
  e. Add Bootstrap to assets, 'app/assests/stylesheets/application.css', also add extension 'scss' to file. Look at repo bootstrap-sass
  f. Add show to controller and associated route
  g. Create show view, and add html
8. Show all articles
  a. create loop to go through all articles in index view
  b. in index controller access all articles

Commit message:

Devise added, links for auth added to views

notes.md, after:

1. Create project `rails _4.2.7_ new wiki`
2. Check `bin/rails s`
3. Get Gems to be used: Haml, Bootstrap-sass, devise, simple_form
  a. restart server
4. Generate model for articles `bin/rails g model Article title:string content:text`
  a. Check model and db migration created
  b. `bin/rake db:create db migrate`
5. Generate controller `bin/rails g controller Articles`
  a. Check files in controller
6. In Articles controller
  a. Define index controller, no implementation
  b. create view `index.html.haml` write something
  c. Create route and set to root in config/routes.rb to `root article#index`
  d. restart server, and view '/'
7. Create new article and show article
  a. Create 'create'  and 'new' controller, private method for params for form in articles controller
  b. Add routes for these, in array
  c. Create views for new and a partial for the form
    1. In form create form wiht fields for model
  d. go to simple_form repo and follow instruction for bootstrap-sass `bin/rails generate simple_form:install --bootstrap`
  e. Add Bootstrap to assets, 'app/assests/stylesheets/application.css', also add extension 'scss' to file. Look at repo bootstrap-sass
  f. Add show to controller and associated route
  g. Create show view, and add html
8. Show all articles
  a. create loop to go through all articles in index view
  b. in index controller access all articles
9. User authentication
  a. setup devise, goto devise repo
  b. Follow instructions on terminal
  c. create model and migrate (follow instructions on repo)
  d. Add sign in, sign up, sign out to views
